expand Security Considerations (#110)
kazuho/draft-kazuho-httpbis-priority: draft-kazuho-httpbis-priority.md

# Security Considerations

## Fairness {#fairness}

> As a general guideline, a server SHOULD NOT use the priority values for making

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As a general guideline, a server SHOULD NOT use priority information for making
```

nit: `information` is more correct than `values` because the actual value of a parameter might be ignored. This also makes the terminology consistent in the paragraph and wider doc.

schedule decisions across multiple connections, unless it knows that those
connections originate from the same client. Due to this, priority information
conveyed over a non-coalesced HTTP connection (e.g., HTTP/1.1) might go unused.

Rest of this sub-section discusses scenarios in which unfairness could be a
problem as well as how to mitigate them, or when unfairness might be the

> desirable behavior.

Reviewer: Grammar-based suggestion:

```
The remainder of this section discusses scenarios where unfairness is problematic and presents possible mitigations, or where unfairness is desirable.
```

Author: Applied in eb35b8b.

responses would receive less bandwidth in case the bottleneck exists between the
server and the intermediary.

### HTTP/1.x Origins

> It is common for CDN infrastracture to support different HTTP versions on the

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
It is common for CDN infrastructure to support different HTTP versions on the
```

front end and back end. For instance, the client-facing edge might support
HTTP/2 and HTTP/3 while communication to origin servers is done using HTTP/1.1.
Unlike with connection coalescing, the CDN will "de-mux" requests into discrete
connections to the origin. As HTTP/1.1 and older do not support priorities

> there is no immediate fairness issue in protocol.  However origin servers MAY

Reviewer: ```suggestion
there is no immediate fairness issue in protocol.  However, origin servers MAY
```

still use client headers for request scheduling.  Origins SHOULD only schedule

> using client initiated prioritisation where they can be scoped to individual

Reviewer: ```suggestion
based on client priority information where that information can be scoped to individual
```

because HTTP is request/response, priority is always client initiated (even in the case of server push). This correction

clients. Authentication and other session information may provide this
linkability.

### Intentional Introduction of Unfairness

It is sometimes beneficial to deprioritize the transmission of one connection

> than others, knowing that doing so introduces certain amount of unfairness

Reviewer: ```suggestion
over others, knowing that doing so introduces a certain amount of unfairness
```
